[FRANKLIN]
Enough of this farce.
I know how this is going to end,
and it's not with me winning.
Very well.
I'll just delete their victory,
and by extension, my defeat.
[GIANT WORM A roars]
[SHU yells]
[SHU grunts]
[SPECTATOR D] You got this,
King of Destruction!
[SPECTATOR A] We believe in you,
Masters! Come on!
[SPECTATOR B]
Fight for us!
Magic Power Magnification.
Range Extension.
Magnify Designated Area.
Magic Conceal.
Now to use some MP
for each of the skills.
Something generous.
Say 50,000 apiece.
Summon Mud Clap.
[GIANT WORM A screeches]
A bit of overkill.
I could've used a third.
[SPECTATOR C]
You okay there, buddy?
I noticed your head's
been hangin' kinda low.
Oh. That.
An annoying insect caught
my eye, but it's gone now.
[FRANKLIN]
It won't be much longer.
There were just far too many
unexpected factors. I mean...
Is the King of Destruction
even playing fair?
[SHU]
You want some?
Heh. Damn. Judging by the
number of shells fired off,
he must've spent at
least three billion lir
on this little fireworks show.
Not to say my monsters
were cheap, either.
At the very least, we're
both feelin' the pinch.
[FRANKLIN]
Pandemonium's within range,
so why isn't he firing on it?
He could have easily
shot down my embryo
before it spat out all 50,000
of my kamikaze troops.
[SHU yells]
[FRANKLIN]
It doesn't make any sense,
unless he's stalling for time.
[gasps]
[FRANKLIN] You just can't stand
not being front and center.
Can you, Ray?
You got it all wrong, we just
have unfinished business.
[CREATURES screeching]
[SHU grunts]
[ROOK] Unbelievable.
Shu's got an amazing Embryo.
[ROOK]
Hugo?
I won't stop you.
Better than being stuck here,
worrying about them.
[SHU grunting]
[BALDR] Ray Starling has reached
the observation platform
atop Pandemonium.
Is that right?
[RAY] There's a question
I have to ask Franklin,
and something I need
to take care of.
But I'm going to need
some help reaching him.
Will you give me a hand?
[SHU] Do what you think is
necessary. I have your back.
I'll handle things down here,
no matter how out
of control they get.
After all, that's what
big brothers are for.
[FRANKLIN] There's something
I've been meaning
to inquire about, Ray Starling.
Any relation to a Master
named Shu Starling?
My older brother.
So. The older sibling's
a Superior
while the younger one
is a Maiden‐wielder.
Surprisingly, it's not
that uncommon of a tale.
You have the floor.
Let's hear why you bothered
coming all this way,
riding your brother's
coattails, no less.
[RAY]
There are three reasons.
My, my, so many?
Though, I can make an educated
guess what one of them is.
You're here to rescue
the princess, right?
That's why your brother
is playing it safe.
He can't afford to destroy
Pandemonium just yet.
Now, the second one?
There was something
I needed to ask you.
[FRANKLIN] A question for me?
Let's hear it then.
No games, just what exactly
do the tians mean to you?
You can't seem to let
the issue go, can you?
Is Infinite Dendrogram
merely a game
or something much
much more? Please.
Why must we do this?
[laughing]
Anyone who's convinced
this is a game is an idiot,
or a child who accepts
authority without question.
How could this all be fake?
Look around! The realism!
The models! The life!
Ignore anything
system‐related for a sec.
This world is beyond
any level of VR.
Let's be honest,
if it wasn't for that system
constantly insisting
what you were seeing
was only a game,
you'd think otherwise.
Even I'm in the dark
about its true purpose.
Although, there
are some theories.
For example, one could conclude
there's a plan to implement
virtual reality on a global
scale and it's currently
in the human
experimentation phase.
But this seems unlikely given
how advanced the technology is.
It's beyond anything
we've ever seen.
There're people who are
convinced Dendrogram is real,
a world that actually exists.
For all I know,
Extra‐terrestrials
are somehow involved.
And? What does that
make the people
who're living in this world?
[FRANKLIN] Artificial
intelligence with sophisticated
minds, indistinguishable
from humans.
Or real live people
from another world.
Maybe life that conforms
to those boundaries.
At the very least,
they're more than a collection
of alternating bits.
But let me make this clear.
Even if this was Earth,
nothing would be different.
I'd still proceed.
Assuming the situations,
conditions and my
powers were the same.
I would act the exact same
way I'm acting right now.
No matter how
many thousands died.
That is what you really wanted
to know, isn't it, Ray?
Thought so.
I mean, a Maiden's Master
like you couldn't help
but wonder why I would
orchestrate such a vile plot.
Exactly! How could you
do such a thing?
Because I'm done losing.
I've had quite enough
of being manipulated.
I'll crush anyone who
stands in my way,
who tries to interfere with
how I choose to live my life!
Is that so?
[FRANKLIN] Well, that ought
to cover your second reason.
What's your third? Out with it.
‐‐It's because...
‐‐[explosion]
[FRANKLIN gasping]
Looks like your brother
grew tired of waiting.
Must've forgotten I had
the princess up here. Huh?
[FRANKLIN]
It wasn't Ray.
I've been watching him
the entire time.
[FRANKLIN grunts]
[FRANKLIN]
The Superior Killer.
So that's the way it is.
You were nothing but a decoy.
[grunts] Now this is
what I call intense!
They've already
taken care of it.
I had a feeling
this might happen.
The King of Destruction
showed up
instead of either of the
Superiors from the Clash.
Should've accounted for that.
Normally, the Worm would
be impossible to counter,
but I didn't plan on
Xunyu's ultimate skill.
Not only did I lose
my chance of winning,
I've lost any hope of surviving.
[RAY yells]
[FRANKLIN]
Too late for that.
The cannon fire
has done its damage.
They probably planned
this in advance.
They are brothers after all.
But even if they didn't,
it's impressive nonetheless.
Each knew what
the other would do.
Now I'm jealous.
I'm assuming that the third
reason you showed up
was to defeat me.
[FRANKLIN] I've lost, and I
accept that fact. But one day...
[RAY gasps]
[HUGO yelling]
[FRANKLIN]
Huh?
[RAY grunts]
Step aside, Hugo!
[NEMESIS] You need to build up
your damage counter
or we won't break
through that armor!
I hear you. Are you ready
to get reckless?
[NEMESIS] Reckless? Sure.
Leave it to me, Master!
That's my sister!
And I'll protect her!
This is your last stand, Ray!
All right. Bring it!
[HUGO]
Motor Slash!
Motor Slash! I'm not done yet!
I'll trade an arm for an arm!
You're kidding me!
[NEMESIS]
Vengeance is Mine!
[HUGO gasping]
[RAY]
Now onto the third reason.
I'll take care of
that right away!
Franklin!
[FRANKLIN] Well, it's your win.
Celebrate while you can.
So this is what it feels
like to be you, Master.
[RAY grunting]
I was able to reattach your
right arm, but my recovery magic
doesn't allow me to
restore missing limbs.
Wow, this is way better
than I could've hoped for,
so I owe you big time.
To the best of my knowledge,
the only person in the kingdom
who'd be capable of healing
a wound that severe is High
Priestess Tsukuyo Fuso.
Though, I can't in
good conscience
recommend her for the job.
[RAY]
Mmm...
Think I'll pass.
I should be good for now,
as long as I have my right arm.
Plus, I also found out I can
hold my sword with my mouth.
I can make this work.
Then does that technically mean
you and I have kissed?
[MARIE] And so Franklin's game
came to an end,
with the Kingdom of Altar
claiming victory.
‐‐[FIGARO, XUNYU] Cheers!
‐‐[SHU] Cheers, grizz!
[SHU] That hit the spot. But I'm
gonna need a few more of these
to bear with my exhaustion.
Nice work tonight.
Drinks are on me, by the way,
so order as much as you want.
Same goes for you.
Thanks, but seeing
how I'm underage,
I'll be good sticking
with some juice.
[SHU] So who ended up making
the first move at the arena?
That big worm tried to,
but I smashed the core before it
even got close to us.
Strangely, the King of Beasts
is the strongest physically,
but didn't budge.
Though Caldina's Magically
Strongest, The Earth,
apparently couldn't
help himself.
[SHU]
"Apparently"?
The monster I killed
wasn't moving.
It made me a little bit curious,
so afterwards,
I used one of my skills to check
the dirt around the area
and found this.
[SHU grunting]
Dirt with a Binding spell,
and Multi‐Activated based
on the toughness.
Good luck reaching the surface
when it's surrounding you
on all sides.
[FIGARO] What was the purpose of
their visit in the first place?
[SHU]
This is just a guess, but...
I'm almost certain the
King of Beasts had a goal
entirely unrelated
to Franklin's plot.
While The Earth came here
because he knew
Franklin was about
to terrorize Gideon.
[XUNYU]
And not the other way around?
[SHU]
It's certainly paw‐ssible.
But the King of Beasts
is widely considered to be
the mightiest warrior
throughout the three nations.
If she was collaborating
on Franklin's terror plot,
the plan would have been
designed around her.
Not only that,
when Franklin needed her most,
she never once raised a finger.
[FIGARO]
That's true.
[SHU]
On the other hand,
there's The Earth,
or Fatoum if you prefer.
He interfered with one stage
of Franklin's plans,
making it safe to assume that's
the reason he came here.
[XUNYU]
So, the Physically Strongest
and the Magically Strongest
both in one place.
It's too bad I didn't get
a chance to take them on
to find out if they really
deserve their titles.
If memory serves. Shu's fought
The Earth once before.
Sure. I remember hearing
about the battle,
but never which of you won.
[SHU]
It was... a draw...?
[XUNYU]
What's with the head‐tilt?
[SHU] During the fight,
we ended up destroying
a generated dungeon. So Humpty
and the environment control AI
ended up having to call it off.
That's how you're
gonna leave it?
[SHU]
If he came all this way,
he could've at
least said "hello."
Such a robust flavor!
Someday I'll have to get
the boss to make one.
[FATOUM]
My business within the kingdom
took longer than expected.
But there was no helping it.
The original goal
required hardly any time,
but then the King of Toys
suggested I arrange
a blockade around
the royal capital.
And afterwards, I heard about
the Empire's terror plot
and wound up visiting Gideon
to put a stop to that.
Shu! I completely forgot!
We should have met up.
Although, it may have
been for the best.
I only would have
wanted to fight him.
[FRANKLIN]
I'm having you leave the clan.
I'm fired?
[FRANKLIN]
You're not the only one.
Veldorbell will also be leaving.
Then again, he only
joined in the first place
to find a 'true hero'...
or something like that.
But taking part in my plan
had drawbacks for him.
He ended up
missing out on a lot.
Still, it's not
entirely unexpected.
I'm not as popular
as I once was.
Even before the war,
AR‐I‐CA, the Ace
stepped away from
the Triangle of Wisdom.
Went on to become a Superior in
Caldina, from what I understand.
Feels like a pattern.
Seems these days,
everyone's abandoning me.
So, what compelled you
to try and rescue me?
Some misguided
sense of affection?
No, that's not it.
[FRANKLIN] I betrayed you.
Surely that must have hurt.
Regardless.
Then tell me before you go.
Why'd you do it?
Why did you come help me
atop Pandemonium?
I can't tell you the answer.
That's because I'm not sure.
I don't know.
[FRANKLIN] If you've thought
about it and couldn't find
an answer, maybe you
acted without thinking,
and that's all there is to it.
The next time,
you should take a moment
to form your own conclusion.
A conclusion you can live
with till the bitter end.
Go. Broaden your horizons, Yu.
Travel the world
just like I did.
[HUGO]
Huh?
This world and the
experiences you had,
they're yours and can help
you understand your nature.
You have a lot to gain
by leaving my side.
Going places and
gaining experiences.
So please go. Explore Infinite
Dendrogram for yourself.
And afterwards, if you wish to
return, I'll be here for you.
You will?
[FRANKLIN]
Heh. Oh, right.
A parting gift slash
early birthday present.
If I recall correctly, you're
turning 15 this coming Tuesday.
I can't believe
you remembered.
You idiot. Do you actually think
I would have forgotten
my little sister's birthday?
Francesca, I don't...
Thank you, Sis.
Please. Let's meet
again, someday.
Yes. Let's. Goodbye, for now.
[HUGO]
Uh‐huh...
Hugo. You're looking
emotional. Good talk?
Yeah.
Well, I'm relieved. You two
needed to have a sit down.
You're right, we sure did.
[CYCO] I realize you're girls
on the inside and all.
But the two of you have the
appearance of young men.
And watching you both
crying and speaking
in such a feminine manner was,
how should I put this?
A little off putting.
[FRANKLIN] And with that,
she's out of the picture.
The little sister I...
ought to love.
The person capable of
seeing my softer side.
The brakes on my conscience.
As long as she was around,
I couldn't pull off
anything truly heinous.
Now, the chains
have been removed,
and I'll destroy the ones
who've defeated me.
[FRANKLIN] If you think you've
seen me at my most vengeful,
Ray Starling, just you wait.
[bell tolls]
[LILIANA]
Her Highness is safe
and there were no
civilian casualties.
On top of that, the Masters
were able to avenge the death
of every fallen
Knight and Guard.
I realize they're mightier
than us tians.
Even so, the Masters,
those chosen by Embryos,
they aren't special.
We really are the same
after all. Lady Altimia.
[LINDOS panting]
Lady Grandria!
What's the emergency?
[LINDOS]
It's her Highness Elizabeth.
Quickly! Tell me everything
that happened!
Based on the note
she left behind,
it appears she
slipped out again.
What?
Fighting on top of Silver
might be tough.
I'm not sure I'll be able
to hold the reins
and you with only one hand.
Well, you can't.
But in this instance,
I think it's for the best.
What makes you say that?
This is supposed to be
a rematch, right?
Then we should take
her on like last time.
No steeds, no help,
just the two of us.
[MARIE] Listen to you,
all fired up and rarin' to go.
Come on! You can do it, Marie!
Great seeing you again,
Your Highness,
but what brings you out today?
If I may ask?
Sure I guess I'll permit it.
I stopped by to cheer you on
and say thank you!
I might've actually
missed the whole show
if I hadn't seen your brother
walking by outside
and followed him in here.
[SHU]
Grizz grizz!
You did ask for permission
to leave, didn't you?
Yeah right! I snuck out!
[RAY growls]
Come on, Liliana!
You'd think security around
here would be tighter!
With everything that
just happened!
I felt the same way at first,
but then a thought
occurred to me.
Sure, she's always
losing her guards,
but maybe it's 'cause she's
a natural escape artist.
Perhaps you should
consider a career change.
How's "cat burglar" sound?
Who says I haven't?
[sighs] The princess's future
life of crime aside...
Marie, let's get started.
[chuckles] While I do admire
your spirit, be real.
You think you can
win against me?
We'll find out.
There's no getting past
the fact my level and stats
are still miles behind yours.
Our skillsets, well,
they don't even compare.
And almost forgot, I also lost
my left arm and a bracer, so...
My odds of winning are slim,
but that doesn't
mean they're zero.
There's a chance.
And as long as
a possibility exists,
I won't stop trying
to reach for it.
Because that's what seizing
onto hope is all about!
[SHU laughs] You really get it,
don't you, grizz?
I'm going into this fight
ready to win it!
Well, guess that's why they
call you Ray the Unbreakable.
Is that a nickname?
Yeah. I figured you
would've heard by now.
After your exploits,
of course you'd earn one.
There's also "the King of
Destruction's little brother."
And "The New Master that refused
to let a Superior break them."
Those are elaborate.
[MARIE] Then just wait
till you hear these.
So, you've got "Dark Paladin."
"Prince on the Silver Steed."
And "The Hero Clad
in Violet and Crimson,
Wielder of Light and Dark,"
which just rolls off the tongue.
So, what's your preference?
[RAY]
Just "Unbreakable"!
Don't let me influence you,
but that "Prince" one,
it's pretty catchy. [laughs]
Yeah, no thanks.
Very well, then.
Unbreakable. You and I have
some unfinished business!
Nemesis!
Ready!
Superior Killer.
You got yourself a fight!
[RAY, NEMESIS]
Time for the quest to begin!
[RAY] Well, better finish up
the admissions process
for university.
Hey, how are you doing?
[RAY grunts]